ROX-21229: Remove incorrect network graph info (#91469)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/simulate-network-policies-ng20.adoc

. In the {product-title-short} portal, go to *Network Graph*.
. Select a cluster, and then select one or more namespaces.
. On the network graph header, select *Network policy generator*.
. You can perform the following actions:
* Generate a YAML file with network policies to use in the simulation by clicking *Generate and simulate network policies*. For more information, see "Generating network policies in the network graph".

> * Upload a YAML file of a network policy that you want to use in the simulation. Perform the following steps:

Reviewer: Just wondering if it would be better to be more parallel with the above subbullet by saying

```suggestion
* Upload a YAML file of a network policy that you want to use in the simulation by performing the following steps:
```
